---
layout: page
title: Research
permalink: /Research/
---

# Research Overview

I am developing and applying computational approaches for
transcriptional and epigenetics regulation studies. As a postdoctoral
fellow at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, I developed widely used
open-source algorithms, including MACS (cited over 12,000 times
according to Google Scholar) to analyze ChIP-seq and ATAC-seq data,
and an integrative platform for comprehensive analyses on
cis-regulatory elements (Cistrome platform). I was a member of the
Data Analysis Center and Analysis Working Group of the ENCODE and
modENCODE consortium and was involved in deciphering functional
elements through analyzing high-throughput profiles of chromatin
factors and in comparing chromatin features between model organisms
and the human genome. I have actively participated in the development
of ChIP-seq guidelines for broad scientific communities. I am the
principal investigator of MACS3 project which is supported by
Chan-Zuckerberg Initiative. I am currently the tech leader of the [NCI
IOTN](https://www.iotnmoonshot.org/) Data Management and
Resource-Sharing Center, the [NCI ARTNet](https://www.nciartnet.org/)
Coordinating and Data Management Center, and the [NCI
CAP-IT](https://www.ncicapit.org/) Data and Resource Coordination
Center. I am a member in the Developmental Therapeutics program under
Cancer Center Support Grant (CCSG). My team at Roswell Park
Comprehensive Cancer Center focuses on building bioinformatics
algorithms for single-cell genomics assays to study transcriptional
and epigenetic regulatory mechanisms in cancer.


